Updated projects users add/remove commands from GraphQL to REST (#185)
crate/croud: CHANGES.rst

Unreleased
==========

> - Updated ``projects users add/remove`` commands from GraphQL to REST. The result of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The response of the ``projects users add`` command changed from displaying only a success message to
```

Unreleased
==========

> - Updated ``projects users add/remove`` commands from graphql to rest

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Updated ``projects users add/remove`` commands from GraphQL to REST.
```

> - Updated ``projects users add/remove`` commands from GraphQL to REST.

Reviewer: This is only a user-facing change in case the result changes. Does it? If so, please state that the result of the `projects users add/remove` commands changed.
